numbers/arithmetic-operators.md, before:

# Arithmetic Operators

| Operator | Name           | Description                                         | Example      | Result  |
| -------- | -------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------- |
| `+`      | Addition       | Adds two operands                                   | `5 + 3`      | `8`     |
| `-`      | Subtraction    | Subtracts the second operand from the first         | `5 - 3`      | `2`     |
| `*`      | Multiplication | Multiplies two operands                             | `5 * 3`      | `15`    |
| `/`      | Division       | Divides the numerator by the denominator            | `6 / 3`      | `2`     |
| `%`      | Modulus        | Returns the remainder of the division               | `5 % 2`      | `1`     |
| `++`     | Increment      | Increases an integer value by one                   | `a = 5; a++` | `a = 6` |
| `--`     | Decrement      | Decreases an integer value by one                   | `a = 5; a--` | `a = 4` |
| `**`     | Exponentiation | Raises the first operand to the power of the second | `5 ** 2`     | `25`    |

Commit message:

chore: Update arithmetic operators documentation for numbers

numbers/arithmetic-operators.md, after:

# Arithmetic Operators

Arithmetic operators are used for performing mathematical calculations in JavaScript:

| Operator | Name           | Description                                         | Example      | Result  |
| -------- | -------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------- |
| `+`      | Addition       | Adds two operands                                   | `5 + 3`      | `8`     |
| `-`      | Subtraction    | Subtracts the second operand from the first         | `5 - 3`      | `2`     |
| `*`      | Multiplication | Multiplies two operands                             | `5 * 3`      | `15`    |
| `/`      | Division       | Divides the numerator by the denominator            | `6 / 3`      | `2`     |
| `%`      | Modulus        | Returns the remainder of the division               | `5 % 2`      | `1`     |
| `++`     | Increment      | Increases an integer value by one                   | `a = 5; a++` | `a = 6` |
| `--`     | Decrement      | Decreases an integer value by one                   | `a = 5; a--` | `a = 4` |
| `**`     | Exponentiation | Raises the first operand to the power of the second | `5 ** 2`     | `25`    |
